I promise you
Marry your father
Are you pissing me off
You know I'm useless to that person
To the father
Since you chose that person, you have been drawing a line with me
What do you do
Okay, okay, is this your mother's good daughter?
Don't worry, mom promises you
Fucheng will not let you be wronged
Wait for me
Let's talk
Ah
I can protect you in the future, and no one can bully you in the future
Mom and dad will only protect me
But now they don't want me
Will you do this
Don't worry, I will never want you
Don't worry, brother
Sister will never abandon you
Sister actually gave me a chance to explain
Then should I tell him the truth
Tell him all
Poplar, make me a contract for you
Property transfer contract